Dead analysis second partition access: We started doing dead analysis on the first partition on autopsy. After not finding much evidence the hint lead us to mounting Bob's computer into Kali Linux and looking at the second partiton, sdm1. This partition was encrypted. To find the key we ran hashcat. After running it we entered the password and got access to the partition. 

Live analysis Bob's computer access: When we attempted to access Bob's computer a login screen popped up asking us for username and password. Upon entering any values, the machine wiped itself. We then proceeded to run the machine in recovery mode which got us to an Ubuntu form asking for a password. We tried entering the password that we retrieved from Kali Linux (i.e the encryption password for the second partiton). This worked. However we now needed to know Bob's password to gain access to his account. To find this password we ran hashcat . When entering it we were on Bob's account. 

Sudo command history dead analysis: On dead analysis we found the file, var/log/auth.log. Here we saw Bob's executed sudo commands that are mentioned in report.txt and evidence.txt. 

Boot and login history live analysis: On live analysis we ran the "last" command on Bob's computer. This displayed the login, boot and terminal/ftp sessions of Bob's computer. 

Encrypted chat logs Alice and Bob: On Bob's account we saw the chatlog0.txt from Alice to Bob that described an encryption scheme that would be used in future communications. From here we searched for encrypt.sh. This lead us to the .irc folder. Along with encrypt.sh and decrypt.sh there were two chat logs, chatlog1.txt.enc, chatlog2.txt.enc and an image file. . To get information as to the creation of these encrypted text files and the image file we executed ./bash_history command. We saw that the original unencrypted files were shredded and then removed (rip). So we then proceeded to decrypt them. We selected the most vulnerable file for this (chatlog1.txt.enc). To find the password that was used to encrypt it we did the following. (...)  Upon decrypting we found the contents of chatlog1.txt, chatlog2.txt and img.txt which are stated in evidence.txt. 

Herokuapp website live analysis: The search history on Bob's computer and chatlog1.txt led us to the herokuapp website. To login we tried our Princeton netid however that did not work. We then tried SQL injections and got no results. We then found the cookies.sqlite file in the cache2 folder and then used the "login_token" cookie value to log in to the herokuapp website. We created a cookie with name "login_token" and value as found in the sqlite file. We then saw the propane usage graph along with some cryptocurrency services at the bottom. This, along with Bob's past sudo commands led us to search for litecoin in computer. 

litecoin folder: We went to the terminal and ran the command "la". We then entered the ".litecoin" directory and noticed msg.txt and msg1.txt.enc. msg.txt said that the message was encrypted with a mutual friend's litecoin public key. 

Decrypting msg1.txt.enc: To decrypt we sought to first restore the wallet.dat file in the litecoin directory. We did so by running, "extundelete /dev/dm-1 --restore-file /home/bob/.litecoin/wallet.dat". This gave us the private key. We put this into the website specified in the assignment spec. In turn, that gave us the associated public key (litecoin address). Finally we decrypted msg.1.txt.enc the same we did in the chat logs. That gave us the text and image stated in evidence.txt. 

